Okay, you should act real to him.
You must be lying to me, right? You must be telling him.
Too understanding.
We don't have any relationship.
I have photographed your identities now and left me,
Please don't ask me to leave you in the future.
I may, I don’t believe it, you just need to divorce him,
I don't have to pursue him.
Then it is normal to have needs. If you need it,
I can do it too. Example love, please pretend it yourself,
There is no need to leave next time, he just needs to be by my side,
Let me look around and see us.
Xiaxia is the most important thing to me, but you tell me again,
nothing,
This is what you insert
Just see no one
I asked you to return not far away
Don't be so stupid?
less than less
Why should I apologize to him?
It’s not that he stayed with me for a year
Just follow me and go to him
You have no education here
I don't mind
Let you teach me a lesson too
I want to see you again as an assistant
Get it under control
You are not a complete male king
Not all schools teach technology
Okay, this is all there